Expand views doc (#97)
graphile/graphile.github.io: src/pages/postgraphile/views.md

`Views` enable to flatten a nested object that is built from multiple tables.

```sql
CREATE TABLE app_public.person (
  id serial PRIMARY KEY
);

CREATE TABLE app_public.address (
  id serial PRIMARY KEY,
  country text,
  street text,
  person_id int references app_public.person (id)
);

CREATE VIEW person_view AS
  SELECT person.id, address.country, address.street
  FROM app_public.person person
  INNER JOIN app_public.address address on person.id = address.person_id;
```

And now the `GraphQL` query is flatten:

```graphql
person {
  id
  address {
    country
    street
  }
}

personView {
  id
  country
  street
}
```

**_NOTE: you can use [smart comments](/postgraphile/smart-comments) to change the GraphQL endpoint name_**

### Authorization

Authorization can be enforced using `views` as well, for example, exposing some data only to authenticated users:

```sql
CREATE TABLE app_public.person (
  id serial PRIMARY KEY
);

CREATE TABLE app_public.personal_data (
  id serial PRIMARY KEY,
  secret1 text,
  secret2 int,
  person_id references app_public.person (id)
);

CREATE VIEW personal_data_view AS
  SELECT personal_data.*
  FROM app_public.personal_data personal_data

>   INNER JOIN app_public.person person on person.id = current_settings('jwt.id');

Reviewer: Should this view be declared `WITH (security_barrier, check_option = 'cascaded')`, do you think?

```

### API Layer

> Using `views`, one can create a layer of API that won't break

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `views`, one can create an access layer that will remain consistent even
```
